Clarifies note in new terms rule (#3943)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/rules-ui-create.asciidoc

+
.. Use the *Fields* menu to select a field to check for new terms. You can also select up to three fields to detect a combination of new terms (for example, a `host.ip` and `host.id` that have never been observed together before).
+

> IMPORTANT: When checking multiple fields, each unique combination of values from those fields is evaluated separately. For example, a document with `host.name: ["host-1", "host-2", "host-3"]` and `user.name: ["user-1", "user-2", "user-3"]` has 9 unique combinations of `host.name` and `user.name`. A document with 11 values in `host.name` and 10 values in `user.name` would have 110 (11x10) unique combinations. The new terms rule only evaluates 100 unique combinations per document, so selecting fields with large arrays of values may cause incorrect results.

Reviewer: Just a few nit suggestions:
```suggestion
IMPORTANT: When checking multiple fields, each unique combination of values from those fields is evaluated separately. For example, a document with `host.name: ["host-1", "host-2", "host-3"]` and `user.name: ["user-1", "user-2", "user-3"]` has 9 (3x3) unique combinations of `host.name` and `user.name`. A document with 11 values in `host.name` and 10 values in `user.name` would have 110 (11x10) unique combinations. The new terms rule only evaluates 100 unique combinations per document, so selecting fields with large arrays of values might cause incorrect results.
```

Reviewer 2: Slight edit I just added to @joepeeples's suggestion to keep it cleaner; otherwise LGTM!
